Create question_answering.md (#594)
sebastianruder/NLP-progress: bengali/question_answering.md

# Question answering

Question answering is the task of answering a question.

### Table of contents

- [Reading comprehension](#reading-comprehension)
  - [Bangla-SQuAD](#Bangla-SQuAD)
  
## Reading comprehension
  
### Bangla-SQuAD

> The [Bengali Question Answering Dataset (Bengali-SQuAD)](https://zenodo.org/record/4557874#.YaEUp9BBxPY) is a translated and preprocessed subset of large-scale reading comprehension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Bengali Question Answering Dataset (Bengali-SQuAD)](https://zenodo.org/record/4557874#.YaEUp9BBxPY) is an automatically translated (using Google Translate) and preprocessed subset of the large-scale reading comprehension
```
